My name is Elias Rodriguez and I am line cook for mission Taco at the Kirkwood location. Today at approximately 5:15 p.m. I was addressed by the head chef who was currently in the building in a way that I feel needs to be addressed by human resources. Just 10 to 15 minutes prior to that I had cut two red onions very thinly and two habanero peppers and I was advised to add a specific amount of lime juice and so after adding the lime juice it didn't really quite look like there was enough to saturate the onions enough to distribute the lime juice make sure it was distributed evenly amongst all of the onions. It was at that point that I had asked the head chef if it looked like there was enough lime juice and he asked me to reference the recipe book which I did. The recipe book calls for two onions and .25 cups of lime juice which is nowhere near enough however, at that point I wasn't going to bring that up to the head chef I figured I would just go ahead finish the onions and then maybe pull miles aside who's the kitchen manager and maybe address that issue later with him and address any corrections that need to be made in the recipe book or in the way I made it. I had gone to the expo window after having made the onions and the lime juice and the habaneros all together I just needed a way to measure salt. The head chef called me over to him and basically said this, " why the fuck didn't you follow the recipe book the first time? And why the fuck did you cut the onions like this? What I need you to do is take this fucking recipe you made here and throw it away and start over following the fucking recipe in the fucking book right over there". No, this is not a verbatim of the account but a pretty close approximation and Miles was there to witness it so he can corroborate any details or inaccuracies and to be honest with you I'm pretty upset. In fact I was so upset that I needed to step away from the building for a while and essentially wait for the "head chef" to leave so that I could return back to work and at least have that point of irritation removed from the equation. So this has led me to you unfortunately. So I have some questions.

I need to understand why the head chef decided that his response to me making the onions was appropriate. I need to understand that. I need to understand why this person thought it was perfectly acceptable and okay to talk to me like that in front of other people especially.

I need to understand how this person 's reaction to how I made onions aligns with the company's policy about bullying and harassment in the workplace. Is this the standard mission Taco response to somebody making a mistake? Is this acceptable?

In conclusion, I want to tell you that for the most part my experiences here have been positive. For the most part. However, it really doesn't take a whole lot to throw the entire illusion of a forward-thinking progressive company such as Mission Taco into the same trash can that I had to throw two red onions a cup of lime juice and a habanero pepper. Furthermore, as I am writing this email to you this is costing me money and time. After the incident I pulled aside the manager Jade and the assistant GM Hugh and explained to them what happened and asked them basically the same question which was essentially, why? Why is this acceptable? How can this possibly be considered acceptable? And so I guess at this point I'm going to turn these questions over to you because I feel like these questions need to be answered. I apologize for any tone that this letter to you may project but I hope you can certainly understand that I am upset, I am beside myself because I don't feel that any human being in any restaurant environment in any industry should ever ever be humiliated and talk to like they are a dog which is exactly how I felt in that moment. I appreciate you reading through this and I appreciate you taking this matter into consideration for maybe helping this individual further their training and their development as a leader in this company.

Elias Rodriguez 
